.\" This file is part of the uCodev uSched project (http://www.usched.org)
.TH USCHED_REQUEST "3" "March 2015" "uCodev uSched" "uSched Programmer's Manual"
.SH NAME
usched_request \- requests an operation to the uSched Services
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <usched/lib.h>

.BI "int usched_request(const char * " req );
.sp
Link with \fI\-lusc\fP.
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.BR usched_request ()
function requests an operation pointed by \fIreq\fR to the uSched Services.
.br
This function cannot be called before the
.BR usched_init ()
or the results are unspecified.
.br
.SH RETURN VALUE
On success,
.BR usched_request ()
returns 0; on error, it returns -1 and \fIerrno\fR is set appropriately.
.PP
Also, The functions
.BR usched_usage_error ()
and
.BR usched_usage_error_str ()
can be used to provide more details regarding usage errors.
.PP
.SH ERRORS
.TP
.B EINVAL
Invalid value.
.TP
.B ENOMEM
Not enough memory.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Pedro A. Hortas (pah@ucodev.org).
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report uSched bugs to \fIbugs@usched.org\fR
.PP
uSched home page: <http://www.usched.org>
.PP
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2014-2015  Pedro A. Hortas (pah@ucodev.org)
.br
License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later <http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.
.br
.PP
This is free software; you are free to change and redistribute it.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
.PP
.SH "SEE ALSO"
\fBusched_init\fR(3), \fBusched_destroy\fR(3),
.br
\fBusched_opt_set_remote_hostname\fR(3), \fBusched_opt_set_remote_port\fR(3),
.br
.br
\fBusched_opt_set_remote_username\fR(3), \fBusched_opt_set_remote_password\fR(3),
.br
.br
\fBusched_result_free_run\fR(3), \fBusched_result_free_show\fR(3), \fBusched_result_free_stop\fR(3),
.br
.br
\fBusched_result_get_run\fR(3), \fBusched_result_get_show\fR(3), \fBusched_result_get_stop\fR(3),
.br
.br
\fBusched_usage_error\fR(3), \fBusched_usage_error_str\fR(3)
.br
.PP
The full documentation for
.B uSched
is available at:
.PP
.PP
  \fIhttp://www.usched.org/doc/uSched_Reference_Manual.html\fR
.PP
