.\" This file is part of the uCodev uSched project (http://www.usched.org)
.TH USCHED_USAGE_ERROR_STR "3" "March 2015" "uCodev uSched" "uSched Programmer's Manual"
.SH NAME
usched_usage_error_str \- converts an error value into a human readable string.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <usched/lib.h>

.BI "char *usched_usage_error_str(usched_usage_client_err_t " error );
.sp
Link with \fI\-lusc\fP.
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.BR usched_usage_error_str ()
function converts an error value returned by
.BR usched_usage_error ()
call into a human readable string.
.PP
This function cannot be called before the
.BR usched_init ()
or the results are unspecified.
.PP
.SH RETURN VALUE
On success,
.BR usched_usage_error_str ()
returns a pointer to a string containing the human readable error description. on error, it returns NULL and \fIerrno\fR is set appropriately.
.SH ERRORS
.TP
.B EINVAL
Invalid value.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Pedro A. Hortas (pah@ucodev.org).
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report uSched bugs to \fIbugs@usched.org\fR
.PP
uSched home page: <http://www.usched.org>
.PP
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2014-2015  Pedro A. Hortas (pah@ucodev.org)
.br
License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later <http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.
.br
.PP
This is free software; you are free to change and redistribute it.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
.PP
.SH "SEE ALSO"
\fBusched_init\fR(3), \fBusched_destroy\fR(3),
.br
\fBusched_opt_set_remote_hostname\fR(3), \fBusched_opt_set_remote_port\fR(3),
.br
.br
\fBusched_opt_set_remote_username\fR(3), \fBusched_opt_set_remote_password\fR(3),
.br
.br
\fBusched_request\fR(3),
.br
.br
\fBusched_result_free_run\fR(3), \fBusched_result_free_show\fR(3), \fBusched_result_free_stop\fR(3),
.br
.br
\fBusched_result_get_run\fR(3), \fBusched_result_get_show\fR(3), \fBusched_result_get_stop\fR(3),
.br
.br
\fBusched_usage_error\fR(3)
.br
.PP
The full documentation for
.B uSched
is available at:
.PP
.PP
  \fIhttp://www.usched.org/doc/uSched_Reference_Manual.html\fR
.PP
