.\" This file is part of the uCodev uSched project (http://www.usched.org)
.TH USCHED "1" "March 2015" "uCodev uSched v0.1" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
usched \- Manages the uSched Services
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B usched
\fIOP\fR [quiet]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The \fBusched\fR(1) command-line utility manages the the uSched Services through the following operations (\fIOP\fR):
.TP
\fBflush\fR
\fIFlushes\fR (i.e.: serializes to the file system) the current state of uSched Services.
.TP
\fBreload\fR
\fIReloads\fR the uSched Services.
.TP
\fBrestart\fR
\fIRestarts\fR the uSched Services.
.TP
\fBstart\fR
\fIStarts\fR the uSched Services.
.TP
\fBstop\fR
\fIStops\fR the uSched Services.
.TP
\fBforce_stop\fR
\fIForces\fR the uSched Services to stop, cleaning all running state data that will prevent the \fRstart\fR operating from being successful after an unclean stop of the uSched Services (in case of operating system crashes or hard reboots).
.TP
When a second argument \fBquiet\fR is used, standard output and standard error files will be disabled, preventing any messages from being written to them.
.SH EXAMPLE
.TP
Start the uSched Services, disabling writes to the standard output and standard error:
.PP
.br
# \fBusched start quiet\fR
.br
.PP
.TP
Stops the uSched Services, with standard files enabled:
.PP
# \fBusched stop\fR
.br
.TP
Flush (serialize) the current uSched Services status:
.PP
# \fBusched flush\fR
.br
.PP
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Pedro A. Hortas (pah@ucodev.org).
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report uSched bugs to \fIbugs@usched.org\fR
.PP
uSched home page: <http://www.usched.org>
.PP
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2014-2015  Pedro A. Hortas (pah@ucodev.org)
.br
License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later <http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.
.br
.PP
This is free software; you are free to change and redistribute it.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
.PP
.SH "SEE ALSO"
\fBusa\fR(1), \fBusc\fR(1), \fBusd\fR(1), \fBuse\fR(1), \fBusm\fR(1)
.PP
The full documentation for
.B uSched
is available at:
.PP
.PP
  \fIhttp://www.usched.org/doc/uSched_Reference_Manual.html\fR
.PP
